The emperor's concubines have served you for so many years
You can't be so heartless!
You can't just because he looks like that guy.
So partial to him
Shut up, my love for him has nothing to do with looks
I knew you would come.
Don't you want to know who he is?
who is he?
It's not because of your face that I will lose to you
And don't think you've already won
If you still don't understand
Go to the emperor's study in another courtyard to have a look
You are a stand-in
Just a substitute for the person in the emperor's heart
Hahahaha
Come back later.
Then you will be nothing
Hahahaha
Ahahaha
It's just a substitute
Hahahaha
I'll go to someone else's study tomorrow
Who is he in Shufei's mouth?